!!!!!!!!!!!!administrator/administrador - API - Acronym for Application
Programming Interface. It is a set of functions and procedures allowing
the creation of applications that access the features or data of an
operating system, application, or other service. application/aplicação -
Software created to execute a certain group of tasks. In this case, used
to submit results, generate Barcodes and establish connections to
samples and user ID's. asymptotic behaviour/comportamente assintótico -
Asymptotic analysis is a method of describing the behaviour of
Mathmatical limits.

??????barcode/código de barras - It is used to identify the client's
samples. .blood test/teste ao sangue - It is characterized by measuring
several parameters which for presentation/reporting purposes are
organized by categories. ???????brute-force algorithm/algoritmo de força
bruta - It is an algorithm which examines each subsequence.

!!!!!!!!!!category/categoria - .chemical laboratory/laboratório químico
- The place where the samples are received (blood tests and Covid-19
tests) and where chemical analysis are performed. .client/cliente - It
refers to the person requesting a clinical analysis test. .clinical
analysis laboratory/laboratório de análises clínicas - The place where
analysis of blood and Covid-19 tests are performed. .clinical chemistry
technologist/técnico em química clínica - (It is the person who
)receives the client's samples and performs the chemical analysis,
recording the results in the software application. .company/empresa -
Business. .Covid-19 test/teste Covid-19 - It is characterized by
measuring a single parameter stating whether it is a positive or a
negative result.

.diagnosis/diagnóstico - Analysis to a certain subject. Term usual
associated with medical results.

.external module/módulo externo - It is responsible for doing an
automatic validation using test reference values.

IntelliJ IDE - It is an integrated development environment (IDE) written
in Java for developing computer software. .internal code/código interno
- Parameter that characterizes the tests. .internal process/processo
interno - Set of procedures performed since collecting the test sample
until the delivery of the results.

JaCoCo plugin - It is used to generate the coverage report. Javadoc - It
is used to generate useful documentation for Java code. JavaFX 11 - It
is used to develope the application graphical interface. JUnit 4 - It is
the framework used to implement the unit tests.

.lab order/ordem de laboratório - It is prescribed by a doctor and
contains the type of test and parameters to be measured. .laboratory
coordinator/coordenador do laboratório - It is the person who checks the
chemical test/result and associated diagnosis made and confirms that
everything was done correctly. linear regression algorithm/algoritmo de
regressão linear - It predicts the output values based on input features
from the data fed in the system. used when we want to predict the value
of a variable based on the value of another variable.

.MLT - Acronym for Medical Lab Technician. It is a end-users' role.

Netbeans - It is an integrated development environment (IDE) for Java.
NHS - Acronym for National Healthcare Service.

object serialization/serialização de objetos - Converting a certain
object to another type of data, such as .json. ordering
algorithm/algoritmo de ordenação - It helps organize ID's on a database
in order to facilitate the access to the client's results.

.parameter/parâmetro - Number of Red Blood Cells (RBC), White Blood
Cells (WBC) and Platelets (PLT) are instances of parameters that can be
obtained through blood tests. .PLT - Acronym for Platelets.

.RBC - Acronym for Red Blood Cells. .receptionist/rececionista - The
person who regists the client in the application. .report/relatório - It
is a review that is delivered to the client with all the chemical
analysis. .result/resultado - Associated to the clinical blood tests and
Covid-19 tests, being positive or negative.

.sample/amostra - Fragment of blood or pulmonary mucus, depends on the
test. .specialist doctor/médico especialista - It is the person who
makes the diagnosis and writes a report for the client. SVG - Acronym
for Scalable Vector Graphics. .swab/cotonete - It refers to a specific
type of test that can be used to get a client's sample.

.test/teste - It refers to a clinical analysis test. TIF - Acronym for
Tax Identification number. .type of test/tipo de teste - Clinical blood
tests and Covid-19 tests.

unit test/teste unitário - It is a way of testing the implemented
methods.

.WBC - Acronym for White Blood Cells.
