US1: As a new client of the laboratory, I want to be able to do a test
(Blood test or swab test). US2: As a new client of the laboratory, I
want to perform a test and receive its results quickly and effortlessly.
US4: As a receptionist of the lab, I want to be able to register a NEW
client. US4B: As a receptionist of the laboratory, I intend to register
a test to be performed to a registered client. US5: As a medical lab
technician, I want to record the samples collected in the scope of a
given test. US6: As a medical lab technician, I want to have a way of
associating a certain sample to a client. US7: As a medical lab
technician, I want to be able to have a way of sending the samples to
the chemical laboratory. USXX: As a chemistry technologist, I want to
receive the samples.

USXX: As a chemistry technologist, I want to perform the chemical
analysis and register the results on the software application. US9: As
an administrator, I want to specify a new type of test and its
collecting methods. USXX: As a specialist doctor, I want to be able to
make a diagnosis and write a report that can be submitted in a platform.
USXX: As a lab coordinator, I want to be able to validate and check test
results before becoming available to the client.

US10: As an administrator, I want to specify a new test parameter and
categorize it. US11: As an administrator, I want to specify a new
parameter category.

USXX: As a clinical chemistry technologist/specialist doctor, I want to
be able to check the test results.
